refer to @spec.md and add more insights to master dashboard, per center performance, per stuent performance, and per faculty performance, the center admin shoulb be able to view all insights of his center. student learning insights, faculty performance insights, center performance insights, 

master account:master account should be able to view all insights of all centers.mainly focus on low performing centers and students.very eary user flow, impressive user interface. professionallayouts. add paginations and search options to all tables.clearly show which center are performing well and which are not. and what if there are more than 50 centers. adjust insights with filtering options.make it appealing and professional.popups for all actions.notifications. tasks.whiloe designing you act as director of multiple centers.and what options you will need to make all centers profitable.the faculty report should be more detailed and insightful.the master should come to know his overall performance 


center admin account: center admin should be able to view all insights of his center. student learning insights, faculty performance insights, center performance insights, detailed insights in dashboard, like students absent from last 4 days. delayed students, irregular students, faculty insights in dashboard
he can be able to see detailked faculty insights along with the time faculty is free.his performance, hit total students, his total at risk student. delayed students. on time students. faculty time slot in the form of gantt charts.
he should be able to view all student insights in the form of gantt charts. detailed like no of days course started, total no of lectures attended. attendence heat maps. skipped topics, topics taught. time he learnt etc., add feebback system admins should be able to send feedback link to students, student will fill feedback form and it is storeed in database. the faculty performance and student satisfaction will be calculated based on the feedback and attendce. add insight to dashboard, all reports should look same with same options and insights. 

faculty: faculty will be able to add attendce, while marking attendence he will select student, in time, out time (display as drop down in 12 hr format).when he will select subject, automatically only topics of selected subject will get displayed. he will mark student as present or absent, complete or  ready to transfer .he will be able to add notes

more important. make it more user friendly and professional. professionallayouts. add pagination and search options to all tables.

student attendance calender chart can be more attractive and big in size. update existing code

ad saperate section for user management in admin and center admin